Open up the Instagram app on your phone.
click the hamburger menu on the top right-hand corner.

To get notification
1.A popup menu will appear. Tap “Settings.”
2.On the next screen, click "Notifications." 

Can you connect to Instagram to other social accounts?
1. Open up the Instagram app.
2. Navigate to your profile.
3. Tap on the post you’d like to cross-post.
4. Click the three dots on the top right-hand corner of the post.
5. On the pop-up menu, click “Share.”
Note: Don’t click “Share to,” which will give you an option to AirDrop or share the post to your contacts.
6. Toggle the accounts you’d like to share the post to. If you’re not already signed in, you’ll need to do so right within the Instagram app

Upload, Edit, and Post an Image
1. Click the "+" icon at the top-right hand corner.
2. Choose your media file.
3. Add filters if desired
4. Edit your image if desired.
     Next, click "Edit". Here, you can adjust contrast, brightness, structure, warmth, and more. When you're happy with your edited image, or if you don't want to edit it at all, click "Next" in the top right.
5.Now, you can add a caption, tag people (you can only tag someone if they also have an Instagram account), and add a location. Additionally, click the button beside Facebook or another linked social media account to share your image on that platform, as well. When you're ready to publish, click "Share" in the top right.
how to upload an image to instagram: add caption


Upload an Image or Video to Your Stories
1. Tap your profile picture in the upper left-hand corner.
2. Capture or add your media.
3. Add stickers or filters.
       On the left-hand side, you have a few different editing features.
      The “Create” button lets you add a location, hashtag, time, date, and other fun images or emojis to your picture.
4. Publish your Story

How to Follow on Instagram
1. Click on the search icon at the bottom of your screen.
2. Next, type in a person, topic, or brand.
3. Tap the account you’re interested in following.
